---
layout: post
title: Jordin's Htos highlights 
---
Identify one new concept or idea from the book that was new to you & sparked your interest in wanting to learn more. (e.g. nonviolent communication, documentation-driven development, techniques for researching projects; try revisiting the end-of-chapter cheatsheets for a refresher!)
What specifically did you find interesting about this topic? What’s one step you could take to learn more about it or improve your related skills?

The concept of Documentation-Driven Development (DDD) is fascinating as it places a strong emphasis on the necessity of comprehensive documentation early in the process, instead of later. 
Before the development phase begins, this method entails producing and keeping up-to-date thorough documentation. This guarantees that the project's objectives, aims, 
and specifications are understood by all parties involved right from the start. In addition to lowering misconceptions and increasing process efficiency, this can result in a greater alignment between development and user demands.
One step would be to  into Documentation-Driven Development by learning about software development best practices and techniques. 
It is advisable to engage in online courses that stress the incorporation of documentation into the development lifecycle, study reputable sources or case studies on DDD, and participate in communities or forums.

On yesterday’s call, Richard suggested that open source programming can be a bit like “performance art”.
What do you think he meant by this?
Do you agree? (And/or, do you relate to this idea personally?)

I agree with Richard when he compares open-source software development to "performance art."I can sort of connect to this concept. Since I write code on a daily basis, I frequently compare programming to sketching or making art.
Consider each line of code as a stroke in a bigger picture that adds to the project's overall functionality and design.

In his book, Richard writes “The longer I’ve been employed as a professional coder, the more I realize that I’m paid […] for my ability to figure out things that I do not know quickly.” (p.209 in PDF)
Does this align with your own perceptions of working in the tech industry?
Has your participation in the Catalyst program influenced how you think about this? If so, how?

Yes, what Richard said makes sense to me as a intern in open source. It supports the idea that learning new things on the fly and quickly resolving issues are important aspects of working as a professional coder. 
This reflects the ever-changing nature of technology, where the ability to swiftly adapt and stay current is crucial. It's true that my involvement in the Catalyst program has changed the way I perceive this. 
I've learned more about the practical difficulties and ways to problem-solving in the computer sector thanks to the training (for instance, the Microsoft IT problem that prevented airplanes from taking off). 
It has strengthened my conviction that a fundamental component of working in technology is having the capacity to swiftly comprehend and solve unknowns.
